Congratulations on learning graph SLAM.
I found this algorithm quite challenging to learn.
There's a fair bit of math to sift
through and there are a lot of intricacies to its operation.
If I were you, I would be proud of getting this far.
Since the start of this lesson,
you've learned how to construct a graph of poses and features how to
define the constraints both in one-dimensional and multi-dimensional systems,
and how to solve a system of equations to determine
the most likely set of poses given the observations.
You then looked at how to handle
non-linear measurement in motion constraints by linearizing them,
and how to solve a system of equations iteratively until
convergence to achieve the best results.
That's a lot to cover in one lesson, but you did it.
Next, you'll be learning a specific graph-based SLAM approach called RTAB-Map.
Erica will help you understand some practical applications of
RTAB-Map that will prepare you to implement it in future projects.